-[people clamoring]
-[person] Hey. Double my bet.
[Kiruko] Five years ago,
we made our living
in the Electro-Kart Racing industry
in Tokyo.
Come on, Ozaki!
-[engines whirring]
-[spectator 1] Katayama, you got this!
[spectator 2] Kiriko!
[grunts]
[spectators cheer]
[Haruki panting]
-Hey!
-[friend] I got him!
[grunts]
[screams]
-[bangs]
-[driver grunts]
[driver] Takehaya?
[driver grunts]
-[grunting]
-Wait. Haruki. Don't chase them alone.
Hmm.
-[brakes squealing]
-[squelching]
-[blow lands]
-[screams, whimpers]
[panting]
Enough, we gotta scram fast.
Can't. This little pup knows
what we look like now.
Uh.
[footsteps approaching]
Huh? [groans]
Huh. I don't remember putting out
a want ad for babysitters.
Robin, these guys have been making
fake betting slips.
[grunts]
[screams]
[groans, sniffs]
Did you think you could come after me
with a tiny scrap of metal like that?
Haruki, whenever you get in a fight,
try not to look
right into your opponent's eyes.
Cowards will glare at you
and try to psych you out.
It's a sure sign of all bark and no bite.
If you want to win,
look at their collar instead.
Then, feel the ground beneath you.
Make sure you have solid footing.
Hmm.
Keep your eyes sharp and you'll come out
on top, nine times out of ten.
Guess we should hand them over
to the boss.
Good work. You deserve a reward.
Whatever you want, you got it.
[gasps]
[Haruki] We're back!
What kind of meat is that?
[friend] Monkey, crow and mouse, I think.
Oh, whoa. Cool jacket, dude.
-Robin gave it to me.
-[chuckles]
-It's kinda baggy.
He'll grow into it soon enough.
Wow. Oh, it's so nice.
I wish I had something of his. Lucky.
How about we get you his pants then?
They might fit if we cut 'em off
at the knee.
[friend] My legs are not that short.
I'm almost your height.
[all laugh]
Is lunch ready yet?
-Hmm?
-Sis, you're back!
[Haruki] So? Where did you finish?
I was disqualified. Ugh.
Fell out of my kart.
-What?
-Are you hurt?
No, I'm fine.
The other drivers went around me.
And Doc was there.
Don't just brush it off.
You're lucky it wasn't worse.
[Doc] You really should drive
more carefully out there.
Yeah, yeah. I know.
Oh, wait a sec. Check this out.
[grunts]
I finally attached that flash
to my camera.
Now we can take all sorts of cool photos
to sell. [giggles]
Oh, why don't you get
one of me and Doc, then?
I don't do pictures.
Say cheese!
[giggles]
-I gotta go.
-Mmm.
[Kiriko] Thanks for everything.
Hey, listen, man. There's a rumor that
Doc's not just researching Man-eaters,
he's doing weird stuff to people too.
What?
[friend] Robin said he's looking into it.
But in the meantime, maybe don't let
Kiriko get too close to him.
[sighs]
[Kiriko] Haruki, are you warm enough?
Yeah. What about you?
Not even.
Oh, then wanna come up here?
[gasps] I-I didn't think
you actually would.
[footsteps]
What's happening?
Man-eater in the third district.
But it isn't coming this way,
so just go back to sleep.
-You coming?
-Yep.
[Haruki grunts]
Ah, Haruki.
I'll be okay.
I have my gun, remember?
And Robin would do the same
for either of us.
[grunts]
[Kiruko] Thinking back on it now,
after all this time,
those days might have been my Heaven.
[crossbow shoots]
[person] Nice shooting.
You're the talk of the town.
Heard you killed a Man-eater last week.
Hmm.
Did you think I was playing around?
When I tell you to stay put, you do it.
I upset Robin though.
He lost a sister about my age
in the Great Disaster…
[children laughing]
…And ever since then,
he's been overprotective.
Of me and Kiriko.
[gasps] Wait! What time is it?
It's, uh, hang on.
Which one of these is accurate again?
-Uh, that one.
-Yep. It's 2:20.
-I gotta go! Kiriko's race starts at 3:00.
-Hmm.
[Haruki] Thanks!
[person] Robin may be overprotective,
but that kid's obsessed with his sister.
I know, right?
[spectators clamoring]
[engines revving, whirring]
[Haruki] Nice. Just made it.
[distant crash]
Mmm.
[thud]
[gasps] No! Help!
There's a Man-eater-- [groans]
There's a Man-eater
at the end of the track!
It can turn invisible!
[spectators clamoring]
[spectators cheering]
[commentator] And they're off!
All bets are in, folks.
I have a feeling we're in for
one heck of a race today.
Kiriko.
[panting] It went
into the shopping center.
It should be about seven or eight minutes
till the karts get here.
That's plenty of time.
I've got this.
[commentator] At the end of the long,
straightaway
our drivers round the second corner
with a dream--
Oh! It's a crash for two and five.
What a setback!
And the rest are off towards Sensoji,
with number four's Takehaya
making great time on the outside.
Go, Kiriko!
[Haruki] Where is it?
Did it leave the course?
[thrums]
[Haruki] Got it!
[mysterious whooshing]
[clangs]
It didn't even leave a mark.
[Man-eater growls]
-[thuds]
-[groans]
[breathes shakily]
[grunts]
[Man-eater growls]
There! How'd you like that?
-[Man-eater chitters, growls]
-[screams]
[whimpers, grunts]
Let me go! No.
-[Man-eater chitters]
-[groans]
-[panting]
-[squelching]
It's eating me.
[screams] Robin! Please!
[commentator] Takehaya's in the lead
as we round the third corner
and head for the shopping arcade.
This is where we'll lose visual, folks.
The Asakusa Race Association
is in the process of installing…
[tires screech]
Huh?
Stop! Stop. There's a Man-eater.
Turn around. Go back.
Go tell HQ the race is off.
[driver] I'm on it.
[ripping, squelching]
[squelching continues]
[gasps]
Haruki?
Haruki!
[grunts]
-[Man-eater thrums]
-[panting]
Give him back.
Let him go!
-Let him go!
-[squelching]
[Kiriko panting]
[gasps]
Haru.
[whimpers]
[sobbing]
Haruki.
Somebody help. Anybody, please!
[Haruki] You are so close…
but you sound…
so far.
[gunshot]
[gentle piano music playing]
[music continues]
[no audible dialogue]
[Haruki] Hey, guys.
Hey, Sis…
[clinks]
…I feel
so hot.
Kiri--
[whispers] ko.
[music continues]
[gunshot]
[music ends]
[groans]
[echoing] Kiriko.
[strains]
[shrieks] Sis!
[gasping, panting]
[breathing shakily]
[grunts]
Doctor! Takehaya's awake!
[patient] I heard there was
another Man-eater in town,
and apparently that monster ate a kid
this time.
That's horrifying.
Uh, hello.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[whimpers, gasps]
Sis?
Is that… [gasps, pants]
Stop. What is going on?
-[nurse] The patient--
-[Haruki screams]
Excuse me, Miss K.
-You shouldn't be out of bed yet!
-[sobs] Get away!
[shrieks] I'm Haruki! Where's my sister?
-Tranquilizer!
-[nurse 2] Got it!
-[Haruki] I want Kiriko! I want my sister!
-[nurse 3] It's all right.
[Haruki shrieks] Kiriko! Kiriko!
[nurse] It sounds to me that maybe
the shock of her brother's death
has led her to believe she is her brother.
That poor girl.
[Haruki] The doctor.
The doctor that performed the surgery.
He'll know what's going on.
Let me see him.
I wish I could,
but once you were in stable condition,
well, I'm afraid he left town.
[gasps]
You were nearly dead
when they first brought you in.
It all happened so fast.
It breaks my heart
that we lost your little brother,
but if the doctor hadn't been here,
I believe you both would be dead.
We couldn't have saved you without him.
[Haruki] I don't get it.
Last time I saw her, she was crying,
but she was still alive.
So, did the Man-eater kill her?
It obviously didn't eat her body.
I do know one thing.
I am definitely still Haruki.
The proof?
The sorrow splintering through me,
knowing that Kiriko is gone.
And, this weird faint comfort
in having inherited her body.
You know, at least there's this.
It took about four-and-a-half months
for my sister's wounds to heal enough
that I could get out of bed again.
Shock kept me going the first time.
Robin was investigating
this kind of stuff, wasn't he?
He'll be able to figure this out.
He'll know how I wound up like this.
And why my sister had to die.
-[Haruki] Excuse me.
-Huh?
I'm trying to find Robin Inazaki
from the Race Association?
[sighs] You won't have much luck.
Sometime around September, October
last year,
pretty sure that guy was murdered…
[panting]
…We had a bunch of folks go missing
over the last year.
Looks like he got tangled up
trying to investigate.
And then, just like that, poof,
he disappeared, too.
[panting, gulps]
[Haruki] Ken! Ran!
[shouts] Director! Anyone!
[gasping, breathing shakily]
[gasps]
Hey, sir? [stammers]
Please! What happened
to the orphanage here?
-Oh, they packed up and left.
-[gasps]
[person] The racer who was earning
their money died in some kind of accident
then their leader went missing
not too long after.
I guess with all that bad luck,
they just decided
to give up on this place.
[door opens, creaks]
[door closes]
[equipment clatters]
[Haruki] Sis.
Robin. [sobs]
[gasps]
[kart-race employee]
Then, just like that, poof,
he disappeared too.
[person] …then their leader went missing
not too long after.
[gasps] "Disappeared"?
"Missing"?
So no one actually has any proof
that Robin is dead.
[voice breaking] There's no way.
[sobs] He has to be out there somewhere!
The doctor.
The doctor has the answer to everything.
He'll know where Robin is,
why my sister had to die…
[crying]
…and why I have to live inside her body!
[Kiruko] After that,
I moved from town to town,
taking security jobs,
hoping to run into them,
and I learned to be fully self-reliant.
Four years later, I met you in Nakano
and now here we are.
This is the first time I ever told
anybody all that.
[Maru] I just have one question.
Would you prefer
if I stopped calling you "Sis"?
That's all?
[chuckles] Don't worry about it.
You've been calling me that
for, like, a month now.
Pretty sure we're both used to it.
Anyway, there you go. Surprise.
You have to think of me as a man now.
You can't expect me to adjust that quick.
[groans]
But listen, you're
a pretty good-looking kid, you know?
I'm sure you're gonna find
someone else soon.
I'll never find another girl
who gets me like you.
Yeah, 'cause I got
a guy brain up here, remember?
[Maru] So that photo
of Jane Inamura, whatever?
Robin Inazaki.
[Maru] What's the deal with you and him?
[sighing] What's the deal?
Well, we're basically family, since we
grew up in the same house together.
But he's also a friend.
And I really admire him.
[groans]
For the love of--
He is a dude I look up to
because we're both dudes.
What don't you get?
It's not that I don't get it.
It's that it doesn't make any sense.
[groans]
Maybe a good night's sleep
will sort your head out.
[Maru] Yeah. Maybe when I wake up,
this'll all be a dream.
[shrieking]
Come on! What is it now?
-[whimpering]
-What is it?
There was a huge fish or something
crawling across the window.
Did he say "fish"?
Look at that.
The outside of the window is wet,
even though it's not raining.
Okay.
Hey, Maru, go and tell the captain
to keep an eye out for anything unusual--
-[clattering]
-[both whimper]
[thrumming]
A Man-eater.
[water bubbling]
[Kuku grunting]
[chuckles]
What is that? A baby?
Can I have this one when you're done?
No. I already promised it to Tokio.
Want the next one?
Yeah. Okay.
This one is kinda goofy anyway.
[chuckles] Goofy, huh?
Well, yeah. It's good and all,
but proper babies don't have-- [shrieks]
Climbing on tables is
a violation of school rules, Kuku.
What's your deal? Stop annoying Kona
already and come with me.
[grunts]
Listen. You don't have to be so nasty
about his drawings, you know.
I was telling him I like 'em!
But real babies?
They don't look like that.
They don't have normal faces.
Just a big eye.
[chuckles]
Want to go and see one with me?